blues we extrapolate I got the latest
and greatest game capture device from
avermedia don't even think this thing's
yeah oh my gosh it's falling off my
table let's open this up with this small
knife that I have mw3 throw our knife
they put plenty of tape on it and I'm
boxing I'll show you what's in the box
and then I will do some likes samples of
recording look at the different features
the boxes inside out so let's see what
this puppy is your stream your design
capture 1080p 60 frames per second
uncompressed video I mix in support
picturing a pitcher and lab editing and
comes with free 3 month premium license
for xsplit ultra-low latency you can
stream by lgx with ultra-low latency and
also as high capability with third-party
software such as xsplit OBS etc direct
share-based and also you can enjoy your
game play in the same TV with hdmi
passthrough audio mix in function
provides additional audio input to
enable more advanced auto use whether
it's mixing music using a second
microphone or adding any other 3.5
millimeter audio input source and a
mixer content more unique it says live
editing with rex central to the main
software accompaniment for LG x is read
central to which supports live editing
merging in time shifting capabilities on
time shifting that is nice that's where
you don't have to be recording all the
time just scroll back and record the you
know like a good game that you had or
something I like that feature and also
supports put your picture on gamers add
personal face cam 2 gameplay along with
the logo or image overlay and let's see
what else pretty much all the features
list there let's see what it looks like
now add a link in the description below
where you can get one oh my goodness
they added a little thing there with my
my image I wickedshrapnel what is that
in the background well it's a like
Mortal Kombat that's cool out thanks
amber media I feel special it did steel
box with my name and logo in there and
also i'd say like they're not paying me
to do this they did send me this unit
for free for a review but i'm not being
like paid to give my positive opinion
one way or the other if this thing sucks
i'm all day it sucks it's cool i'm gonna
say it's cool i like the design that's
pretty neat i'm not sure what this knob
is then you could change is it supposed
to be unscrewed see what happens when
you don't screw it it looks it's just
begging to be unscrewed okay ah i see
you can customize it find what this
thing is neither
so they got my little customized thing I
could put in there neato that's cool I'm
sure they have some sort of template
where you can make your own yeah
software download and go there create
your own little Boehner you can put in
there that's nice little customization
touch there's the xsplit broadcaster and
gift certificate and i'm going to give
this away there's the cut I already have
premium xsplit hopefully you can see
that code left it up there long enough
hopefully the camera fixed on it but
there's a lot of numbers letters there
so pause the video let me know in the
comments if someone redeemed that code
extra screw always use the next to screw
I'm say we gotta like a breakout cable
HDMI looks like it's like the little
hdmi what does that go to all that that
might be a piece for honing in
I'm not sure what that cables fork it
goes
connect somehow you got there's a
standard HDMI here's a another component
like break out and I'm assuming it goes
in there is component in I'm guessing
this is like ps3 or ps4 connector and we
have this is USB 3 so to Duke 1080 60
frames per second USB 3 is definitely a
better transmission source so it does
look like it requires USB 3 and I have
USB 3 on my new beast computer so that's
all good and as the live gamer xtreme
quick guide in many different languages
that I don't speak as well as English
which I speak kind of fluently and
there's info packet in every language in
the world great info in there I'm sure
and that's it so see in a minute